Add README files for tools (#643)
precice/precice: tools/building/README.md

# Tools for assisting with building preCICE

This directory contains optional tools that are useful for developers
building preCICE often.

- `compileAndTest.py`: Build and test preCICE automatically.

>   Useful, for example, for identifying the source of a regression (using `git blame`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Useful, for example, for identifying the source of a regression (using `git bisect run ./compileAndTest.py`)
```
